s3gw documentation (#212)
epinio/docs: docs/explanations/detailed-push-process.md

## 2. Copying the code to S3

> Epinio helm-chart can install on your cluster either [Minio](https://min.io/) (default) or [s3gw](https://s3gw.io/) (unless you [configured external S3](../howtos/setup_external_s3.md)). Both Minio and s3gw are an S3-compatible storage solutions which Epinio uses to store the application's source code. The prefered S3 storage solution will later be used by the staging job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Epinio helm-chart can install either [Minio](https://min.io/) (default) or [s3gw](https://s3gw.io/) on your cluster (unless you [configured external S3](../howtos/setup_external_s3.md)). Both Minio and s3gw are S3-compatible storage solutions which Epinio uses to store the application's source code. The chosen S3 storage solution will later be used by the staging job.
```
